Initial version of the spec. (#33)
devcontainers/spec: docs/specs/supporting-tools.md

| `${localEnv:VARIABLE_NAME}` | Any | For Codespaces, the host is in the cloud rather than your local machine.|

## Visual Studio Code Remote - Containers

The [**Visual Studio Code Remote - Containers** extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers) lets you use a container as a full-featured development environment. It allows you to open any folder inside (or mounted into) a container and take advantage of Visual Studio Code's full feature set. There is more information in the Remote - Containers [documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers).

> **Tip:** If you've already built a container and connected to it, be sure to run **Remote-Containers: Rebuild Container** from the Command Palette (`kbstyle(F1)`) to pick up any changes you make.

### Product specific properties

Some properties are specific to VS Code. Please note that Codespaces supports the VS Code properties.

| Property | Type | Description |
|----------|------|-------------|
| `extensions` | array | An array of extension IDs that specify the extensions that should be installed inside the container when it is created. Defaults to `[]`. |

> | `settings` | object | Adds default `settings.json` values into a container/machine specific settings file. Defaults to `{}`. |

Author: I added the `customizations` property to the main definition and reorganized `supporting-tools.md` a little bit for this.

> | `settings` | object | Adds default `settings.json` values into a container/machine specific settings file. Defaults to `{}`. |

Reviewer: Was `customizations` added to the files in this PR? I'm trying to search for it, but I can't seem to find it.

> | `settings` | object | Adds default `settings.json` values into a container/machine specific settings file. Defaults to `{}`. |

Reviewer: Odd, now I see it (maybe it was an old cached version). LGTM!

# Supporting tools and services

This page outlines tools and services that currently support the development container specification, including the `devcontainer.json` format. A `devcontainer.json` file in your project tells tools and services that support the dev container spec how to access (or create) a dev container with a well-defined tool and runtime stack. 

While most [dev container properties](devcontainerjson-reference.md) apply to any supporting tool or service, a few are specific to certain tools, which are outlined below.

## Editors

### Visual Studio Code

> Visual studio code specific properties go under `vscode` inside `customizations`.

Reviewer: Would we want to show a scaffolded example? Like:

```
"customizations": {
		// Configure properties specific to VS Code.
		"vscode": {
			// Set *default* container specific settings.json values on container create.
			"settings": { },
			
			// Add any other VS Code specific properties...
			]
		}
}
```

Author: Added.

Reviewer: Thanks!

| Property | Type | Description |
|----------|------|-------------|
| `extensions` | array | An array of extension IDs that specify the extensions that should be installed inside the container when it is created. Defaults to `[]`. |
| `settings` | object | Adds default `settings.json` values into a container/machine specific settings file. Defaults to `{}`. |

Please note that Codespaces supports the VS Code properties.

> ## Tools

Author: Reorganized this section to make it easier in the future to add other supporting tools and editors and the possible combinations thereof. Comments? @Chuxel @bamurtaugh

Reviewer: I like the idea of separating based on editors vs other tools, but I was a bit confused by how the product specifics are listed. VS Code is in its own section at the top, but the Remote - Containers section is at the bottom, and both have their own product specific properties.

Upon re-reading, I understand it better, but I wonder if the Remote - Containers extension content should just be contained within the VS Code section. I suppose there could be confusion as the VS Code properties apply to both Remote - Containers and desktop Codespaces?

Author: Yeah the idea is that this settings are supported by both and might not be supported by other tools, when we want to add other editors that might only be supported by some tools.

Made an update let me know if you like the wording.

Reviewer: I like it, thanks for updating!

### Dev container CLI

> A dev container command line interface (CLI) that implements this specification is in development [here](https://github.com/devcontainers/cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dev container command line interface (CLI) that implements this specification. It is in development in the [devcontainers/cli](https://github.com/devcontainers/cli) repo.
```

# Supporting tools and services

This page outlines tools and services that currently support the development container specification, including the `devcontainer.json` format. A `devcontainer.json` file in your project tells tools and services that support the dev container spec how to access (or create) a dev container with a well-defined tool and runtime stack. 

While most [dev container properties](devcontainerjson-reference.md) apply to any supporting tool or service, a few are specific to certain tools, which are outlined below.

## Editors

### Visual Studio Code

Visual studio code specific properties go under `vscode` inside `customizations`.

| Property | Type | Description |
|----------|------|-------------|
| `extensions` | array | An array of extension IDs that specify the extensions that should be installed inside the container when it is created. Defaults to `[]`. |
| `settings` | object | Adds default `settings.json` values into a container/machine specific settings file. Defaults to `{}`. |

> ```

Reviewer: I was thinking this could be underneath the intro sentence, before the table of properties? To show an example right after we introduce the concept.

Author: Moved.

"customizations": {
		// Configure properties specific to VS Code.
		"vscode": {
			// Set *default* container specific settings.json values on container create.
			"settings": { },

>             "extensions": {},

Reviewer: Indentation might be less for `"extensions"` than for `"settings"`? I had this issue too when adding customizations to samples, and sometimes had to ensure each indentation was done manually with spaces rather than tabs.

>             "extensions": {},

Reviewer: Extensions should be enclosed with []

Author: Changed.

# Supporting tools and services

This page outlines tools and services that currently support the development container specification, including the `devcontainer.json` format. A `devcontainer.json` file in your project tells tools and services that support the dev container spec how to access (or create) a dev container with a well-defined tool and runtime stack. 

While most [dev container properties](devcontainerjson-reference.md) apply to any supporting tool or service, a few are specific to certain tools, which are outlined below.

## Editors

### Visual Studio Code

Visual studio code specific properties go under `vscode` inside `customizations`.

```
"customizations": {
		// Configure properties specific to VS Code.
		"vscode": {
			// Set *default* container specific settings.json values on container create.
			"settings": {},
			"extensions": [],

> 			]

Reviewer: Indentation looks good! Should we remove this trailing `]`?

Author: Fixed.
